Hi welcome back my students.
This is Ed from the future and I know many of you are not going to go and finishes Hoek course you're
just going to learn what you need to learn and then you're going to go ahead and try to launch this
project online.
I want you to know something before you launch this project on line.
You need to scape your data.
You need to test against my SU oil injection and we talk about this I believe right now on lecture 235
in the course is called more security you are able micro injection protection.
All right that's a lecture and it might be a little bit more further if I keep adding lectures but just
look for more security section and you're going to find that I talk about you all injection in this
course.
Now when I first build this course this course this course was very small so we didn't we didn't discuss
too much about scaping every value what I wanted to do was show you everything about BHB and then applied
to a practical project.
So we did that.
But now because it probably got so huge and we didn't talk about injection there's a lot of people launching
this project online when this probably was not meant to be online.
All right so before you go online we're going to build this function that is going to scale all the
data in our project.
That way we are safe from a secure injection from people trying to hack into our application and we
raised our information right.
So let's go ahead and do that.
It's got to be a very simple function.
You're going to see we're going to call it escape.
All right.
So let's do that and we're going to pass in a string like this and we're going to use a built in predefined
function from BHB my Eskew a live real escape string and we're going to use this so that way we can
scale the data.
All right.
And then we can pass in the string here.
But what we're going to do with this is that we can trim the string and use this function treatment
or we can strip the tax out of it if you have some type of mail.
But we've got to leave it like this trim it.
All right.
That should be enough.
You can of course do this trip tax.
All right.
If you won if that doesn't work out for you just try the trim.
So it should be something like this and then we're just going to return it like this.
All right.
And then of course we need a global connection there to get access to our
easy access to our connection.
That's what we need right here.
So now every time we need to put a we need to answer a query or go into the database.
Let's for example let's say right here where I used this function like this.
All right and you scape your title and as a matter of fact I'm going to do this.
So that way doesn't mess around with the e-mail tags.
I'm going to take this trip out.
Oh I was just going to trim the data too.
All right.
So every time you want to clean this before it goes into the database you add this functionality there
scape this function that we go and you escape all your data down here.
That's coming from the form and you do this to your user.
All right.
Any way you have a database even right here.
Are you scaped this.
All right.
Make sure that everywhere you have information that is going inside the database that you gave your
data without function that way you are safe from my secure injection you see that everywhere we have
where is your right.
Specially right here and you will post.
All right.
We go into the database many times make sure those boxes are clean.
Right here pulls data.
Clean them up and you should be good to go.
To go on line.
Right
right here as well.
OK.
I'm going to be doing this to the final project files.
Boy you should be taking care of this yourself before you go online.
Right.
So that way you hackers can get into your account and delete the data.
All right thank you so much for watching this.
Hopefully this will help some of you out there before launching this thing online.
Take care